Materials galaxy news (#2719)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2024-06-11-Diamond-user-group/index.md

---
title: "Applying the Galaxy platform to XAS use cases"

> tease: "The EuroScienceGateway (ESG)team, working in the UK to develop Galaxy tools for materials science presented a poster on Applying Galaxy platfrom to XAS use cases at the Diamond light source spctroscopy user group meeting 2024."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tease: "The EuroScienceGateway (ESG)team, working in the UK to develop Galaxy tools for materials science presented a poster on Applying Galaxy platform to XAS use cases at the Diamond light source spectroscopy user group meeting 2024."
```
